Wa-Tor/README.md, before:

## License 
##### Copyright (C) 2024 Mr. Aaron Doyle. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licensealong with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Objectives
##### The objective of this assignment is to be able to provide a working version of the Wa-Tor simulation with Sharks and Fish interacting as expected in the documentation

## Issues & how I solved them
##### The first big issue I ran into was how to randomise the layout of the grid initially. The solution that I found for this was by entering all of the sharks and fish into a grid the size of the simulation and then using rand.shuffle to jumble up the order that they were being displayed in. ChatGPT gave me this idea and then I researched how it works from here (https://pkg.go.dev/math/rand#Shuffle) as well

##### The next big issue that I ran into was how to get the sharks and fish moving. This issue was solved by using a formula that was generated by ChatGPT for the area to the north,south,east and west of the current fish/shark which I could then assign the fish/shark value to the correct value depending on what was in that area.

##### The next issue I faced in building this simulation is that I dont think the fish are being handled correctly asthey just disappear immediately. This ended up being due to how I was storing the grid as I wasn't copying it correctly which caused them to flash up for a second and then disappear.

##### The next issue I faced is that the sharks aren't dying once they hit their starvation point. This was due to the fact that I didn't check if it was less than the value of 0 and I added in the continue keyword so that it would skip the rest of the logic for the sharks if it had already starved.

##### After doing this I moved on to getting the fish to move as currently they were just static on the screen. The fish would follow the same movement and bredding logic but they do not starve so they are a bit more simple to implement. The issue I am now running into is that the fish seem to reproduce very quickly and the sharks seem to die off quite quickly. I was accidentally not resetting the starve timers for the sharks which was making them all just despawn after a certain amount of time, this led to the fish dominating every simulation that I ran.

##### I have now spotted a small issue where the shaks are starving very quickly. I am still working on this issue but I have now seeded a randomness so I get the same random input every time as this was making the simulation very imbalanced and hard to make even before

Commit message:

FINALLY HAVE SINGLE THREADED COMPLETE
I have finally figured out the issue with the breeding logic and can proceed with building a 2 threaded version. I have now moved to updating a singular grid and having a check to see what cells have been visited in the current iteration

Wa-Tor/README.md, after:

## License 
##### Copyright (C) 2024 Mr. Aaron Doyle. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licensealong with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

## Objectives
##### The objective of this assignment is to be able to provide a working version of the Wa-Tor simulation with Sharks and Fish interacting as expected in the documentation

## Issues & how I solved them
##### The first big issue I ran into was how to randomise the layout of the grid initially. The solution that I found for this was by entering all of the sharks and fish into a grid the size of the simulation and then using rand.shuffle to jumble up the order that they were being displayed in. ChatGPT gave me this idea and then I researched how it works from here (https://pkg.go.dev/math/rand#Shuffle) as well

##### The next big issue that I ran into was how to get the sharks and fish moving. This issue was solved by using a formula that was generated by ChatGPT for the area to the north,south,east and west of the current fish/shark which I could then assign the fish/shark value to the correct value depending on what was in that area.

##### The next issue I faced in building this simulation is that I dont think the fish are being handled correctly asthey just disappear immediately. This ended up being due to how I was storing the grid as I wasn't copying it correctly which caused them to flash up for a second and then disappear.

##### The next issue I faced is that the sharks aren't dying once they hit their starvation point. This was due to the fact that I didn't check if it was less than the value of 0 and I added in the continue keyword so that it would skip the rest of the logic for the sharks if it had already starved.

##### After doing this I moved on to getting the fish to move as currently they were just static on the screen. The fish would follow the same movement and bredding logic but they do not starve so they are a bit more simple to implement. The issue I am now running into is that the fish seem to reproduce very quickly and the sharks seem to die off quite quickly. I was accidentally not resetting the starve timers for the sharks which was making them all just despawn after a certain amount of time, this led to the fish dominating every simulation that I ran.

##### I have now spotted a small issue where the shaks are starving very quickly. I am still working on this issue but I have now seeded a randomness so I get the same random input every time as this was making the simulation very imbalanced and hard to make even before. I have finally fixed this issue, there was a tiny logic error in the way I was dealing with my 2 grids so this led to them becoming desynchronised. After speaking with Joe we finally found this issue an came to the solution of instead using a singular grid to remove the possibility of any sync issues and use a visited check to mark all the cells that had already been visited in this iteration so they couldn't be overwritten.
