README.md, before:

## Lab 1 
##### To run the roman numerals file, you can run it through the terminal using the command 'python romanNumerals.py' 

## Lab 3   
##### This is a go example of a barrier that prints a's and b's consecutively. To run this file navigate to the lab 3 folder and run the command go run barrier.go

## Lab 4   
##### This is a continuation of the previous lab where I am making the barrier reusable. To run this file navigate to the lab 4 folder and run the command go run barrier.go

## License 
##### Copyright (C) 2024 Mr. Aaron Doyle. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licensealong with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Producer consumer with readme completed

README.md, after:

## Lab 1 
##### To run the roman numerals file, you can run it through the terminal using the command 'python romanNumerals.py' 

## Lab 3   
##### This is a go example of a barrier that prints a's and b's consecutively. To run this file navigate to the lab 3 folder and run the command go run barrier.go

## Lab 4   
##### This is a continuation of the previous lab where I am making the barrier reusable. To run this file navigate to the lab 4 folder and run the command go run barrier.go

## Lab 5
##### This is a simple example of how the producer consumer problem works and how you can prevent it using channels and mutex locks. To run this file navigate to the lab5 folder and run the command go run producerConsumer.go

## License 
##### Copyright (C) 2024 Mr. Aaron Doyle. This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licensealong with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
